So millennials are
optimistic, they're hopeful.
They're hopeful about
their financial future.
They may be currently less
trusting one another and
certainly of
financial services firm
more than a footnote
of importance to
FinTech entrepreneurs
and clients.
They also experienced the GFC
very vibrantly in
tech full Technicolor.
To say it another way, as you
saw in the data a second ago,
the risk aversion clearly
shifted as the empirical evidence
preceding it suggested they
would be coming less
tolerant of risk,
more averse to taking chances
in the financial markets.
Although there's not a bevy
of research specifically
identifying the GFC in
the market volatility as
a point of discontinuity,
the anecdotal evidence suggests
that we see a generational shift
and social attitudes,
that have motivated
millennials to have
a greater desire to
matter in the world.
To say it another way,
impact investment
strategies have risen
to high level of importance
for millennial asset owners,
not just today, but in the way
they answer questions
about the future.
For example, a recent
US Trust survey found
that almost 90 percent of
millennial respondents are
either currently owned or
are interested in owning in
the future investments
that allow them
to express their values,
their missions, and
social impact concerns,
that focuses on
environmental sustainability,
it focuses on social responsibility,
issues of ethnicity,
race, gender in investments,
and a whole bevy of
non-financial concerns.
A recent World Economic
Forum survey of
about 5,000 investors
across almost 20 countries,
showed results suggesting
that over a third of
millennial respondents felt that
improved society should be
the top priority of business.
That contrasts with
what Milton Friedman
is often described as
suggesting which is that
the only social
responsible activity
of business should be
producing profits.
If you look at the data, purpose
and profit were the top two
scored primary purposes of
businesses for that
millennial demographic.
If you look at
the lowest quarter spots,
it was creating wealth.
So millennials want to matter,
and they want to matter through
their investments as well as
through other activities.
We can see, as you can
see on the graph in
front of you, how
environmental, social,
and governance
activities and purposes,
and pursuits have increased
at essentially the
same time we've seen
an increase in
interests in FinTech.
The growth of ESG in
corporation reported by
investors of all varieties
including mutual funds and
institutions and so
on has been dramatic.
Almost $12 trillion in the US was
reported at the end of
2018 being allocated in
some non-financial
capacity or with
a non-financial purpose
again across environmental,
social, or governance criteria,
again with millennial motivations
by some measure of it.